How is it possible to have existence from non-existence such as the big bang
theory, an explosion from nothing. Before I get into that,
let me start off with a quote by the late Allen Watts.
What you are basically deep, deep down far,
far in is simply the fabric in structure of existence
itself. Think about how deep that is. That means everything, your body,
your house, the air, you breathe, your thoughts alone, your awareness,
your free will are all part of the source.
That existence itself is you your existence,
which means that you are the universe you are of the source and getting away
from religious beliefs. I mean, I say myself that I'm not religious,
that nature's my church love is my religion. What is love?
Where does that belong in this nihilistic view of something from nothing?
I mean, I've heard some people say, oh, love is probably just,
it's just a chemical reaction, that's it? Uh, no, uh,
that doesn't fall in line with nature at all. It shouldn't. And if anything,
you could say it slows down own nature and, uh,
strongest survive in other things. And I've mentioned this in other videos.
Another interesting thing to think about is our bodies.
We're made up of dozens and dozens of elements.
And I've talked about this in other videos,
and I've got some real interesting responses. You know, I've said that,
you know, we come from dirt, which I say is a figure of speech.
And some people disagree. I didn't come from dirt. Well,
actually the human body shares many different, uh,
elements that you'll find in common soil. In fact, just to touch on this,
if you haven't seen me talk about this in other videos, I mean,
we're made up of so many different elements and this includes metals,
our iron in our blood copper and cobalt in our bodies that you cannot be
alive without. And although they're minuscule, you know,
measured in parts per million, it's there,
you wouldn't be alive without this smashed together infused system of energy
and atoms. I mean,
this energy that gives off life to the universe effortlessly and endlessly,
that death implies life and life implies death. It's just a circle this cycle.
It's amazing. And we get too caught up in death. And again,
I'm not anti-science, I've said this before. Um, I mean,
I think science is wrong about a number of things,
just like we've been proven this throughout history that they're wrong and we
learn new things all the time. That's great.
And we're also right about a lot of things too. We've learned a lot,
but when we get caught up in definitions,
it distracts from the nature and the awesomeness of what we're experiencing guys
think about this. How do you have nothing non-existence into existence?
And this reminds me of a quote from the Dow day,
Ching and I'll loosely paraphrase. It actually is what I'm gonna do.
A Wiseman knows that there are limits to his knowledge that there are some
things that you cannot know where a foolish man thinks. He knows everything.
Wow. I mean, that is just absolute truth. There are, for some reason,
the human brain cannot fathom this. Cuz think about it.
Like if you want to talk about God for an example,
and I don't like to use the word God, because a lot of people,
too many people I'd say get caught up in this, uh, you know,
figure in the sky with a beard floating in this clouds. And many,
many other people don't feel that way. But I mean,
this of course would raise the question. Okay, well what created God? Okay.
Like it's this end endless cycle of, okay, if there's a big bang,
then what's caused the big bang. What was the nature of that cause? Right.
So it just keeps going forever and ever cuz what caused the cause or the ability
to cause is the big bang total mind. Right? Like, excuse my language.
But I mean ultimately when you think about it,
it's clearly something we're not meant. We cannot know if you have the universe,
which is made up of all this, this explosion of energy and here we are.
And we're able to realize and think for ourselves that we do exist. I mean,
when you troubleshoot it at its root core,
I would say the most logical explanation besides the fact that we just can't
understand it is that we're all part of this consciousness that is experiencing
itself. Because when you think about the illusion of our lives, that this,
we understand that we're a makeup of atoms and you're just this blob together.
Like I said of energy, what is that about?
So this actually ties me into simulation theory,
which I don't exactly agree with because a lot of people get carried away with
it. And it seems to exclude the loving nature of ourselves and that the actual
experience we're having.
Like I don't identify that we're part of some computer system that's plugged in
and it takes away from love. I should say, which is this unexplainable,
mysterious awesomeness. That to me,
he proves the divineness of our existence.
And when I say divineness that I would say that we're all it.
So if you believe in a God, then you are God, I would say.
And a lot of people when they hear that for the first time, they don't like it.
I mean, think about it though. We can create languages.
Like you can make your own language tomorrow.
If you wanted to just assign different sounds to different meanings to the,
you have a language,
you can create a heaven or hell on earth experience for anyone,
you can have a kid treat them really good or have a kid and treat them horribly,
make their existence horrible. And vice versa. Think about this.
We have free will and we have awareness of our free will.
So when you really think about that, I would argue that we are all gods.
I'm not saying we're the God. And again,
a lot of people get caught up in that and they don't like hearing it,
but I don't know if there's any other justifiable explanation for what we are.
We are the universe experie experiencing itself. If you believe in the big bang.
Well, you are the big bang just as Alan Watts has stated. Think about this guys.
This is the biggest mind. you can possibly have.
And I don't like to swear a lot, but for effect, you know,
just how incredible this is.
And I encourage everybody to dig into this for themselves and by dig into,
I mean, think about it.
Spend some quiet time thinking about what was there before time.
How could there ever have been a non-existent time? I mean,
there has to be a beginning, right? But at the same time,
what created whatever it was, it created the beginning. So was there just,
there was no beginning. I mean, I guess that's possible,
but it's hard to wrap your mind about like, what is this about now?
Ultimately the purpose of this video is to just get you thinking,
cuz a lot of things I'm discussing here are gonna tie into other videos in the
future. Guys. This is just the beginning of this channel.
I discussed many different topics and I've been enjoying talking about ancient
human civilization, which I will never stop doing that. I mean,
it's a lifelong passion that is never going to end,
but I'm gonna talk about many, many other different things.
And one of which is the spiritual nature of our lives of our existence.
It's worthy of far more attention because I'm telling you it's secure to so many
ills of our lives, whether it's depression or lack of contentment in our lives,
which is thriving, unfortunately for a lack of better word throughout the world,
people are really starting to question what this is about because they're not
living the lives that the field they are meant to. So I'm gonna wrap this up,
leave me a comment. Let me know what your thoughts are.
I'm a very open-minded person. I just wanna know the truth as,
as I'm sure all of you do as well. I mean,
if you put a button in front of me that says hit this and you get the truth,
no matter what it is, no matter how bad it debunks everything,
I thought I knew and shreds apart everything and makes me just feel dumb.
I want to know boom, I'm pressing that button. Teach me. I wanna know.
So one of the best ways to do that is for people to share thoughts and ideas.
So leave a comment, explore us topic, but I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight like and subscribe.
And I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody. You.